The grade I am aim for is HD, for achieving this grade. I have  to have these features below: 
Having at least 25 unique day commits in Git hub  
Having the detailed changelog.txt that documented the log for every week 
There is not any bugs in the code 
The license.txt including the author and hyperlink. Also with legal section. 
The game can provide enough playability for users to play 10 hours. 
The data in the game can be loaded and save and modify from external data file. 
The layout should be suitable for portrait and landscape, also it should be suitable for Tablet 
In the readme.txt, there should have detailed compile instruction and directory structure 
For the demo video, it should explain the detail of the project.
And it shows the team SID and names.
The comments for the code part can be seen anywhere

For D
Having at least 20 unique day commits in Git hub  
Having the intermediate changelog.txt that documented the log for every week 
There is a few bugs in the code 
The license.txt including the author and hyperlink. But no legal section. 
The game can provide enough playability for users to play 5 hours. 
The data in the game can be partly loaded and save and modify from external data file. 
The layout should be suitable for portrait and landscape
In the readme.txt, there should have intermediate compile instruction and directory structure 
For the demo video, it should explain the project.
And it shows the team SID and names.
The comments for the code part can be seen in most of places

For C
Having at least 15 unique day commits in Git hub  
Having the Basic changelog.txt that documented the log for every week 
There is a some bugs in the code 
The license.txt including the author. But no legal section and hyperlink. 
The game can provide enough playability for users to play 3 hours. 
The data in the game cannot be loaded and save and modify from external data file. 
The layout is only suitable for portrait.
In the readme.txt, there should have basic compile instruction and directory structure 
For the demo video, it should explain the project.
And it shows the team SID and names.
The comments for the code part can be seen in some of places


For P
Having at least 10 unique day commits in Git hub  
Having the pass level changelog.txt that documented the log for every week 
There are a lot of bugs in the code 
The license.txt including the author. But no legal section and hyperlink. 
The game can provide enough playability for users to play 1 hours. 
The data in the game cannot be loaded and save and modify from external data file. 
The layout is only suitable for portrait.
In the readme.txt, there are not compile instruction and directory structure 
No video
And it shows the team SID and names.
The comments for the code part cannot be seen.
